---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: week 2 blog (probably JS)
description: planning is key
categories: [C1.0]
courses: {csa: {week: 2} }
type: plans
---

# week 2 requirements/hacks 


CSA Code, Code, Coding assignment.

Review. Teacher posts for JS Itunes API, JS Input, JS Output w/jquery, JS Output w/API.

Option 1. Add to the lessons and making code cells and hacks for better breakdown and understanding

Option 2. Combine all the concepts into something unique and you feel is awesome.
 Make a plan on what you and your Pair plan to do, this must exist by Monday night. You should have proof in live review of a draft in GitHub Issues history.
 Ask me questions and interact with me on Slack or live on Mon, Tue…. particularly interact with me when you have posted a draft of your plan. This would be considered Collaboration. Try to get feedback from me on Plan.
 Code Must have Data!!!
 Must have Input.
 Must have Output.
 Input must impact Output.
 Must be focused on JavaScript.
 Bring these into GitHub pages repo as Hacks or Tangibles on you Time Box page.
 Review code with ChatGPT, perhaps ask "Can you provide a review of this code?" Then paste code. Currate response into page(s).
 Plan your Pair Showcase, know exactly what you will present. Try to do it within 3 minutes.
 Build a review ticket in Time Box page to accelerate discussion.
 Be ready for Live review on Wed through Friday


[PLAN FOR PROJECT](https://github.com/Jyustin/getsums/issues/1)

# Completions

[Conway's game of life](https://jyustin.github.io/getsums//c1.0/2022/07/08/PBL-FE-life.html)

[Snake game](https://jyustin.github.io/getsums//c1.0/2022/07/08/PBL-FE-snake.html)

